You're not Kim Go Eun, are you?
(Episode 2)
Who are you?
You want me to attend the class?
I was wondering why you called.
It was a waste of time.
It must cost a lot to prepare for CSAT for the third time.
I'll pay you handsomely.
You can earn money and learn at the same time.
My school is famous for its psychology classes.
As far as I remember, I thought you wanted to go to...
the psychology major at Eunha University when you were in high school.
Am I wrong?
It's a general education curriculum?
And it's once a week?
Try not to stand out, as if you're not even there.
Thanks, Han Ye Ri.
Han Ye Ri?
You're not Kim Go Eun, but Han Ye Ri?
Let me go. Let me go!
Kim Go Eun!
There's something I wanted to say to you!
Gosh.
Where do you think you're going?
- He has something to say to you. - Let me go.
Let go. I'm not supposed to be here.
Let me go!
But...
I can't explain...
my love for you in words.
Gosh.
Then don't do it.
Did I tell you to do it?
Just shut it and come down.
Everyone's looking at me.
I need to run away.
Is that so embarrassing...
that you need to run away?
So that's why I changed my mind.
I prepared this for you!
This explains my love for you.
- No! - Kim Go Eun! I love you!
I love you!
- Byung Cheol! Byung Cheol! - Gosh.
Be careful!
- What is he doing? - What was that?
- Gosh. - Oh, my.
- Please get out of the way. - Why did she just leave?
Please get out of the way.
(I love you, Kim Go Eun, to the end of the universe.)
I love you!
Let's love each other forever!
Eun Ho.
Hello, sir.
I barely recognized you.
You changed a lot.
You look so much better.
You're exactly the same.
You haven't changed a bit.
A lot of people do tell me that I look young.
By the way, I don't think I deserve to see you like this.
I didn't even catch the mugger yet.
I know you've tried your best. There was nothing you could do.
There wasn't any witness, and I don't remember his face.
I was mugged on June 14th, right?
That's probably right.
On that day, do you think...
June 14th.
Lee Sun Mi, 25 years old,
was murdered in the same way at her house.
It's nothing.
By the way, I envy her.
If you get asked out like this in front of a lot of people...
By the way, where's Go Eun?
She was here just a moment ago.
She ran away because she was embarrassed.
And that wasn't Kim Go Eun.
- Gosh. - What is it? Are you embarrassed?
Who are you?
This place is too open.
Or should we go...
somewhere inside?
What did you do to me?
Do your parents know that you're like this?
This is part of the role play, right?
This is new.
Wait.
Gosh.
Please, stop.
I prepared this for you!
This explains my love for you.
I love you, Go Eun!
Gosh, I must have been out of my mind.
Why would he do that in front of other people?
Why? Why? Why?
I heard you've been attending my lecture for someone else.
I'm sorry.
If you want to punish me, I'll do whatever you say.
- You'll receive punishment? - Yes.
Kim Go Eun will be receiving F as her grade.
I'll think about what I should do with you, Han Ye Ri.
Yes, sir.
I heard you're preparing to take CSAT for the third time.
Aren't you busy with CSAT studies?
Do you even have time to listen to this?
What do you mean?
I wanted to take your lectures since I was in high school.
I know I shouldn't say this in a situation like this,
but can I get your autograph?
"The Criminal Mind" by Kim Joo Seok. This is from so long ago.
Did you buy it yourself?
Yes.
All right.
What are you going to do with what happened yesterday?
Are you going to say yes?
I don't know him very well.
What? I thought he said he'd been tamed or something.
I don't know him well.
I'm sorry I attended your classes secretly,
but I don't think you should get involved in my personal life.
If you're done, I'll get going.
I need to go to work.
Did you hear that?
She says it's an invasion of privacy.
It's a collaboration of lies and solidness.
It's the type that I hate the most.
It didn't feel like she was lying.
I wasn't going to tell you this,
but she even flirted with me.
You know who I am, right?
And then she says, "I don't know him very well."
But seeing as she got protective, there must be something to it.
We'll have to find out if there's really something to it.
- Why? - It's nothing.
What is this?
Get a hold of yourself.
Are you ready to order?
I'd like a cup of Americano.
It's three dollars.
You can swipe the card and sign it yourself.
In that case, I'll pay in cash.
You gave me three dollars.
Okay, so this is how you're going to play this?
You're going to ignore me like this?
What?
Did I surprise you yesterday?
I'm sorry. It's because I'm close to Byung Cheol.
Anyhow, I apologize for what happened yesterday.
Let's pretend like I accepted your apology.
Don't think about doing anything stupid.
What? Something stupid?
I heard rumors about you.
I heard you try to connect people to help them find love.
Did Byung Cheol ask you to help him out?
Did he ask you to help him ask me out?
What?
I don't know what kind of abilities you have,
but don't try to act stupid with me.
And don't intervene with others' love life.
Just take care of yourself.
Thank you, Eun Ho.
I have a serious atopic disease. This is the only water I can drink.
By the way,
why would you like that cynical and mean girl?
She's not mean.
She does look cold and arrogant,
but she's so kind and sweet.
The strawberry latte you ordered is ready.
You should have it.
Oh, my. Is this for me?
Thank you.
How did you know I like strawberry latte?
Go Eun.
Did you just arrive?
What is it?
- Aren't you feeling well? - It's nothing.
When you're sick,
my heart hurts even more.
I'm going.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Do you want to have chicken at my house?
She really said that?
You wouldn't know. Go Eun...
I mean, Ye Ri, has so many unexpected charms.
Her name is so pretty. Han Ye Ri.
You're so deeply in love with her.
But...
why does she keep pushing me away?
I can be really nice to her.
I really like her.
I'll help you.
Why are you crying?
Eun Ho.
It's all right.
Goodbye.
Welcome.
Love is all about the timing.
You need to watch for the chance when she feels tired and weak.
Was there a road like this before?
This is so fun.
Next, make her feel as if she's become someone special.
Such illusions help people fall in love easily.
That was strange.
I'm sorry for what I did last time.
I didn't take your feelings into account. I was so selfish.
Can you give me one last chance?
I want to protect you all the time, like I did today.
And then, there's the highlight.
But how did you know I lived here?
That is...
Did you stalk me?
No, that's not what happened.
I warned you not to follow me.
Didn't I warn you? You psycho.
I didn't even hit you.
He'd be doing all right.
Look at what happened.
I just did what you told me to do.
You told me everything will work out.
What's wrong? Are you all right?
It doesn't matter anymore.
I'll just do as I like.
Hey.
Hey, Byung Cheol!
Did you plan this?
Did you think I would like something like this?
If you weren't going to go out with him,
- why did you flirt with him? - Did you see me flirt?
Did you see me flirting with him?
Well...
If you do something like this again, I won't let you get away with it.
Hey.
Gosh, what is her deal?
[VIU Ver] E02 Meloholic "Ye Ri's Dual Personality"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Han Ye Ri.
- I love you. - Don't do that.
Don't. Don't do it.
Gosh.
I'll text you the address. Please come here.
Right now.
Where am I?
The artist is trying to show modern people the real life...
because they're so busy to actually live their lives.
The artist is trying to say that resting is not about wasting time.
It's about looking back on our lives and finding ourselves.
We'll go to the next exhibition.
- Someone's sleeping over there. - Oh, my.
Who are you?
Sorry?
Excuse me.
Hey, lady!
- I'm so sorry. - Please hold on.
Go faster and catch her. Hey, lady!
Yeo Jin, I'm here!
- Get on. - All right.
Thank you.
Hey, lady. Wait!
Hey!
- Hey! - Stop there!
This is not bad, right?
No, but can't you go slower?
I'm not even going fast.
I'm sorry Yeo Jin.
What are you sorry for?
You're doing this because of me.
It's nothing.
- Gosh, what should I do? - Did she reappear?
Why did it happen this time?
Han Ye Ri!
Ye Ri!
Please talk to me.
Han Ye Ri!
- Ye Ri! Let's talk. - Gosh, what's wrong with him?
Ye Ri. Ye Ri.
- Ye Ri. - Be quiet.
- I can't live without you. - Be quiet.
- I love you. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry. - Please accept my love.
- Go home. - Talk inside.
- Go home and be quiet. - I'm sorry.
That's all I remember.
And then, as far as I remember, I woke up there.
Gosh, it's driving me crazy.
There could be a trace somewhere.
Can I have this?
It's 100 dollars.
- 80. - All right.
Yes! I got myself a dress!
You don't think I'd have done anything weird, right?
I'd just have gone to a club in that dress, right?
I wouldn't have gone anywhere strange,
right?
We could call Byung Cheol and ask.
I did.
But it's gone.
- What's gone? - His number.
He got rid of his number.
Something must have happened last night.
Gosh, it was a dream.
Gosh, you surprised me.
I told you not to come in.
I'm an adult now.
So what? Go out.
You can have this. You deserve to have this.
This proves that I'm legally an adult.
When I graduate, I'll...
What? Gosh.
I'll marry you.
Gosh, don't try to deny me. We're destined to be.
- I don't need it. - Gosh.
I'm going.
What just happened? Did Eun Ho leave?
I woke up early to leave with him.
Did you read novels from the internet all night?
Get a hold of yourself.
You're in your third year.
I want to get married to Eun Ho when I graduate.
Honestly, I want to get married now. But I'm holding myself back...
because of his social status and face.
If you don't allow me to,
I'll just do it anyway.
Gosh.
You've been quiet for a while. Why did you start again?
Eun Ho has a girl.
He can't date anyone.
He does. I even know her name. Han Ye Ri.
How do you know?
He kept saying her name in his sleep.
What is it? Do you know her too?
Who is that witch?
Why would you speak to someone you don't know like that?
Eat up.
Who is she?
Gosh, Eun Ho.
Han Ye Ri.
(Yoo Byung Cheol)
The number you have dialled is not available at this moment.
What's wrong with him? Did he change his number?
Why does this keep happening?
Hey!
I didn't recognize you.
I'm sorry. Why did you call me?
About yesterday...
It's nothing. You should get going.
What's this? She ignored me yesterday.
What's going on? Why does she keep changing.
Office assistant?
Me?
I can't just forgive you for what you did.
Instead, I want you to help me work for six months.
I'll keep paying you. How do you like it?
I am...
becoming your office assistant?
If you don't want to, you don't need to.
I want to. It's not that I don't want to.
It's an honor. I'll try my best.
Thank you.
You really like it, don't you?
- Hey. - Hello.
Say hello.
This is Han Ye Ri, the office assistant from now on.
And this is Yoo Eun Ho, my teaching assistant.
What are you looking at?
I'll go to class now.
Gosh, your face expression is so funny.
Gosh, why did it have to be him?
That's what I should be saying.
As it's already been decided, let's work well together.
We'll have to see each other everyday.
It won't do to be on bad terms like this.
All right.
Let's work well together, Han Ye Ri.
What's your relationship with Byung Cheol?
Nothing happened between us.
So he acted like that on his own even though you weren't interested?
Let me go.
What was that?
She wasn't lying.
There's no such woman who don't lie.
But it felt so different from when I touched others' hands.
I keep telling you there's no such woman who doesn't lie.
There are only two kinds of women. Women you know, and those you don't.
So what's my ideal type?
Someone you don't know.
That's right. Someone I don't know.
A stranger
She did seem like a stranger.
What?
It's nothing.
I'm going.
What would he do with his abilities?
He doesn't know how to use them.
Wait!
Excuse me!
- Hello, Professor. - Hello.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello, Professor. - Hello.
I saw her come in here.
- I'll do it. Just give it to me. - Be careful.
You'll get hurt. Let's do it together.
It's fine.
(Hong Kyung Hye)
If you want to eat, you should get a meal ticket.
Excuse me?
If I want to eat, I need to get a meal ticket? All right!
- Enjoy your meal, Professor. - Enjoy your meal.
Where did she go?
Oh, my. This is so delicious.
- Doesn't it seem strange? - It does.
I meant the rice.
Isn't it a bit different from other kinds of rice?
It's delicious. I...
I'm a Psychology Professor, Kim Joo Seung.
And psychologically speaking,
it's something that I've never seen before.
It's so strange and sexy.
I didn't mean that. I meant different.
There's air in between each rice.
I learned this skill when I worked at a sushi restaurant in Kyoto.
Of course.
You put rice once,
and then some air.
Yes.
So you mean you put rice in between air...
I mean, you put air in between rice, right?
Yes.
Enjoy your meal.
Wait a moment.
I want to use all these tickets...
for you, Kyung Hye.
Of course.
- Enjoy your meal. - Thanks.
Does that mean Byung Cheol was lying?
But why?
Eun Ho!
Have you seen Byung Cheol?
I've been looking for him too. Why are you looking for him?
He missed all his morning classes, and I can't reach him.
He won't do something like this. Do you think he's sick?
Gosh.
- Is it Byung Cheol? - No.
It's my ex-girlfriend who still thinks that she's my girlfriend.
She's slow-witted, but she's so obsessive.
I can't block her number in fear that she might do something.
How should I get rid of her?
The legend who has returned to school.
Why doesn't he receive my call?
He hasn't been contacting me for a while,
and he didn't receive my calls.
But he just changed his facebook profile,
and it says that he's not in a relationship.
He also changed his email passwords.
He didn't even say he's going to break up with you. Just wait.
Do you think so?
He texted me.
Let's break up.
Gosh, what should I do?
What is it?
She read it. She checked my message.
Gosh, I'm so scared.
But this kind of looks wrong.
You told me that your freedom is more important than your face.
Gosh.
What should I do?
Let's meet and talk.
She wants to meet me and talk.
Then you should go and meet her.
How can you end it with a text? Am I that easy to you?
How can you end it with a text?
Am I that easy to you?
(I was afraid that...)
I was afraid that it'd be too hard for me to say it to you directly.
Gosh, I can't believe this.
Why do you want to break up with me? Tell me the reason.
Why do you want to break up with me?
Did I do something wrong?
If you tell me, I'll fix everything. I can fix everything.
Gosh, she's being stupid.
Gosh.
I told you not to act like that.
Gosh, she's killing me.
There's nothing wrong with you. I'm just not sure of myself.
I'm sorry.
I'm just not sure I can be good enough for you. You deserve better.
I don't need that. Tell me the real reason.
If we're going to break up, let's be honest here.
I don't want you to get hurt.
Let's not ruin the good memories we had.
You're just acting like a good man.
You need to tell me if you don't love me anymore...
or if you have someone else so that I can move on.
We started this together. Why do you end this on your own?
All right. Let's break up.
You wanted me to say this, right?
You coward.
Who are you?
Hey, why are you doing this?
She's my friend. She gets like this when she gets upset.
Forget what she said. I'm never breaking up with you.
Can you please leave me?
When you're breaking up with someone you once loved,
you should meet her and talk to her.
That's the least you can do when you break up.
Gosh,
I thought she had forgotten.
I guess not.
But didn't I tell you that I was going to meet you and talk?
Hey, I told you I'm sorry.
Please don't get angry.
Why do you cling to a man like that?
Don't you have any self-esteem?
I mean...
He and I are...
What are you saying? Speak louder.
He's good at it!
Unlike what he looks like.
It's not only that.
He's also kind, he looks good looking,
and he takes care of me. That's why.
Go home.
It feels like I've been wasting my feelings for you.
It's because of her ex-boyfriend that she dated three years ago.
They were dating happily, but he suddenly disappeared.
They broke up like that.
She had such a hard time then.
When you break up with someone you loved, you should meet and talk.
That's the least you can do when you break up.
If you're sorry, how can you text me while you're with someone else?
You're a bad girl with no dignity...
that doesn't even have the least manners that a human should have.
(2017 Sunrise Youth Train)
(2014 Sunrise Youth Train)
I didn't know something like this existed.
Look at this.
It includes the entrance fees for the tourist attractions and meals.
Do you want to go?
Yes.
It's on the last day of your contest submission.
It's all right. We can go later.
I can finish one day earlier.
It's just because I want to go. Let's go.
All right.
You jerk.
You scumbag.
I'm swearing instead of you.
He's worse than a jerk.
Just cry.
Let me go.
You want to cry right now.
What do you know?
It doesn't mean you're weak.
You don't cry because you're weak.
You cry so that you can survive.
So what I mean to say is,
it's all right for you to cry.
You need to cry to shake things off.
I...
did too.
Gosh, what's wrong with me?
Something must have gotten inside my eyes.
(Meloholic)
Are you interested in me or not?
I will help you break your jinx.
You're someone whom even my soul would fall in love with as...
- you don't pretend or lie. - I love you.
I gave you so many signals.
Is it because of your ex-boyfriend? What did I do wrong?
Don't fall in love with a psycho.
Be careful.
Han Ye Ri is bad luck for you.
- Gosh. - You've been branded.
I think you'd better tell him everything.
Tell him about the evil thing within you.
I should just end this.
Suicide.
I'm going to end everything.
Han Ye Ri! No, you shouldn't!
Han Ye Ri!